# Gemforce: Web3 Integration Platform

Gemforce is a modular server platform for web3 integration, built on top of Parse Server and Hardhat. It offers a powerful set of features for working with Solidity smart contracts, including dynamic triggers, cloud functions, hardhat tasks, and dynamic services.

## Table of Contents
- [Components](#components)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Configuration](#configuration)
  - [Running Gemforce Server](#running-gemforce-server)
- [Smart Contracts](#smart-contracts)
- [Event Listeners](#event-listeners)

## Components
Gemforce consists of the following components:

1. **Gemforce Server**: The core server process that listens to connections and responds to users.
2. **Gemcore Admin UI**: A user interface built upon Parse dashboard, extended to include dynamic triggers.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js with npm
- MongoDB

### Installation
1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/gemforce
   cd gemforce
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```
   npm install
   ```

### Configuration
Gemforce's configuration is similar to Parse Server. First, ensure you have a running MongoDB instance. Next, set up the database settings in `gemforce.config.json`, following the example below:

```json
{
  "appId": "yourAppId",
  "appName": "Your App Name",
  "databaseURI": "mongodb://username:password@host:port/databaseName",
  "masterKey": "yourMasterKey",
  "serverURL": "http://localhost:1337/gemforce",
  "publicServerURL": "https://your-public-domain/gemforce",
  "port": 1337
}
```

### Running Gemforce Server
To start the Gemforce server, use the following command:

```
bin/gemforce
```

Upon the first run, this will create the necessary database collections and import the available Solidity smart contracts.

## Smart Contracts
Gemforce includes a comprehensive library of Solidity smart contracts based on the EIP 2535 diamond standard. These smart contracts can be recomposed and upgraded due to their diamond pattern implementation. Included contracts cover various token standards such as ERC20, ERC721, ERC1155, and ERC777.

## Event Listeners
The Gemforce platform listens to events generated by imported smart contracts. Event listeners can be enabled or disabled on-demand. When active, they listen to Ethereum events and write them to the database. Database triggers then execute any necessary tasks based on these events.